Update Discord-Rules.md (#270)
Slimefun/Wiki: pages/Discord-Rules.md

> If you join our [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/fsD4Bkh), then we want you to follow these rules.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you join our [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/slimefun), then we want you to follow these rules.<br>
```
better to update this to vanity link? or this is intended to count traffic from here?

### 1. No harassment
Do not harass or insult other users. You should always remain respectful towards others.<br>

> Swearing itself (e.g. `oh sh*t`) is okay as long as you don't insult people or try to hurt someone with your use of language.

Reviewer 2: It is slightly ironic to say that using this is okay but still blur it out

This channel is **ONLY** for showcasing your Server, any other messages will be deleted.

### #bugs
This channel is for discussions around bugs, **not for reporting them.**<br>
For reporting bugs, please consult [How to report bugs](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/How-to-report-bugs).

Before posting here, please follow this short guide:<br>
1. Run `/sf versions`
2. Capture the output of that command and include it in your message.
3. Are there any errors? If so, then please post them via https://pastebin.com (Posting an error in the chat will result in auto-deletion)

> 4. See if there is a newer version of Slimefun available. (https://thebusybiscuit.github.io/builds/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. See if there is a newer version of Slimefun available. (https://blob.build/project/Slimefun4)
```
We moved to blob.builds

6. Try to be as clear as possible, the minimum is two sentences. ("X does not work" is not helpful)

> 7. Double-check that you are using a "DEV - ..." build of Slimefun, any other builds are considered old or unofficial. **We will not accept bug reports from old or unofficial versions, RC versions will also be rejected since they are outdated.**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. See if there is a newer version of Slimefun available. (https://thebusybiscuit.github.io/builds/)
5. Try to be as clear as possible, the minimum is two sentences. ("X does not work" is not helpful)
6. Double-check that you are using a "DEV - ..." build of Slimefun, any other builds are considered old or unofficial. **We will not accept bug reports from old or unofficial versions, RC versions will also be rejected since they are outdated.**
```
